Plugins: restore InstallSafeDITool download command for Xcodeproj users (#273)
dfed/SafeDI: Documentation/Manual.md

The `additionalDirectoriesToInclude` parameter specifies folders outside of your module that SafeDI will scan for Swift source files. Paths must be relative to the project directory. Use this parameter to specify the paths to dependent modules' source directories, since Xcode project plugins cannot discover these automatically. You can see [an example of this configuration](../Examples/ExampleMultiProjectIntegration/ExampleMultiProjectIntegration/SafeDIConfiguration.swift) in the [ExampleMultiProjectIntegration](../Examples/ExampleMultiProjectIntegration) project.

##### Installing the prebuilt SafeDITool binary

If you see a build warning that starts with **"SafeDI's build-tool plugin is falling back to a regex-based output scanner..."** — installing the prebuilt tool fixes it.

In Xcode, right-click your project in the navigator and choose **SafeDI → Safedi Install Tool**. Approve the network-access and write-to-package-directory prompts. Xcode runs the command and downloads the prebuilt SafeDITool release binary for your SafeDI version into `.safedi/<version>/safeditool` next to your `.xcodeproj`. The build plugin picks it up automatically on subsequent builds.

> **Why this step is required in Xcode:** Swift package build-tool plugins are told the SafeDITool location via an Xcode build-variable template (`${BUILD_DIR}/${CONFIGURATION}/SafeDITool`) whose values aren't exposed to the plugin's process environment at plugin-setup time. SafeDI's plugin therefore can't execute the real parser during setup and falls back to a regex-based output scanner. A prebuilt binary at a known path sidesteps the template entirely. The install command is a one-time step per project (re-run it after a SafeDI version bump if the warning reappears). The plugin only runs inside Xcode — `swift build` users get the prebuilt binary through the default `prebuilt` trait already.

Author: ```suggestion
**Why this step is required in Xcode:** Xcode’ implementation of Swift package build-tool plugins does not give plugins access to real tool locations within derived data – paths include placeholders whose values are not available to the plugin. SafeDI's plugin therefore can't execute the real parser during setup and falls back to a regex-based output scanner. Installing the `SafeDITool` to a well-known location allows the plugin to execute the prebuilt tool. The install command is a one-time step per project (re-run it after a SafeDI version bump if the warning reappears). The plugin only runs inside Xcode — `swift build` users get the prebuilt binary through the default `prebuilt` trait already.
```

> **Why this step is required in Xcode:** Xcode’ implementation of Swift package build-tool plugins does not give plugins access to real tool locations within derived data – paths include placeholders whose values are not available to the plugin. SafeDI's plugin therefore can't execute the real parser during setup and falls back to a regex-based output scanner. Installing the `SafeDITool` to a well-known location allows the plugin to execute the prebuilt tool. The install command is a one-time step per project (re-run it after a SafeDI version bump if the warning reappears). The plugin only runs inside Xcode — `swift build` users get the prebuilt binary through the default `prebuilt` trait already.

Author: ```suggestion
**Why this step is required in Xcode:** Xcode’ implementation of Swift package build-tool plugins does not give plugins access to real tool locations within derived data – paths include placeholders whose values are not available to the plugin. SafeDI's plugin therefore can’t execute the real parser during setup and falls back to a regex-based output scanner. Installing the `SafeDITool` to a well-known location allows the plugin to execute the prebuilt tool. The install command is a one-time step per project (re-run it after a SafeDI version bump if the warning reappears). The plugin only runs inside Xcode — `swift build` users get the prebuilt binary through the default `prebuilt` trait already.
```

The `additionalDirectoriesToInclude` parameter specifies folders outside of your module that SafeDI will scan for Swift source files. Paths must be relative to the project directory. Use this parameter to specify the paths to dependent modules' source directories, since Xcode project plugins cannot discover these automatically. You can see [an example of this configuration](../Examples/ExampleMultiProjectIntegration/ExampleMultiProjectIntegration/SafeDIConfiguration.swift) in the [ExampleMultiProjectIntegration](../Examples/ExampleMultiProjectIntegration) project.

##### Installing the prebuilt SafeDITool binary

If you see a build warning that starts with **"SafeDI's build-tool plugin is falling back to a regex-based output scanner..."** — or **"SafeDI is running a locally-built SafeDITool in the debug configuration..."** — installing the prebuilt tool fixes it:

```
swift package --package-path "/path/to/YourXcodeProject" \
    --allow-network-connections all \
    --allow-writing-to-package-directory \

>     safedi-install-tool

Author: Fixed in 042add4. The install section now directs users to Xcode's right-click plugin menu instead of the `swift package` CLI invocation (which now errors out on the SPM path).
